Astro CLI 1.7 Release Notes and New Docs (#1432)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-inspect.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment inspect"
title: "astro deployment inspect"
id: astro-deployment-inspect
description: Reference documentation for astro deployment inspect.
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

> Inspect an Astro Deployment. This command returns a YAML or JSON representation of a Deployment's current configuration and state. Return a specific values for the Deployment using the `--key` flag. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspect an Astro Deployment. This command returns a YAML or JSON representation of a Deployment's current configuration and state. When the `--key` flag is used, specific values for the Deployment are returned. 
```

> Inspect an Astro Deployment. This command returns a YAML or JSON representation of a Deployment's current configuration and state. When the `--key` flag is used, returns specific values for the Deployment. 

Reviewer 2: I think we can condense this quite a bit, and I'd rather not have "coming soon" in reference docs unless there's a critical deficiency with how the command currently works. The main thing that's missing from the original edit is "this is the same config as in the Cloud UI", so I added that.

## Usage

```sh
astro deployment inspect
```

When using the `--key` flag, specify the complete path of the key you want to return the value for, excluding `deployment`. For example, to return the `cluster_id` for a specific Deployment, you would run:

```sh
deployment inspect <deployment-id> --key configuration.status
```

> See [Example output](example-output.md) for all possible values to return. 

Reviewer 2: Whoops, this should be `#example-output` and will work. I think what would work best is if we annotated the CLI's output with commented lines - that would be cleaner than relying on a table that we'll continually have to update in docs, and it's right there for people to view when they run the command.

        webserver_url: <org>.astronomer.run/<deployment url>
        workspace_id: cl1ntvrrk411461gxsvvitduiy
    worker_queues:
        - id: cl8oigdwh135879hfw37mu9qrev
          is_default: false
          max_worker_count: 10
          min_worker_count: 0
          name: heavy-compute
          node_pool_id: cl8c3xz901505872c1d498z2zt9
          worker_concurrency: 16
        - id: cl6l2mhvq280121b01r5mkcj05
          is_default: true
          max_worker_count: 10
          min_worker_count: 1
          name: default
          node_pool_id: cl66604pi447851h2tpkvtlkrt
          worker_concurrency: 16
```

## Options

| Option                    | Description                                                                                                             | Possible Values          |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| `-n`, `--deployment-name` | Name of the deployment to inspect.                                                                                      | An Valid Deployment Name |

> | `--workspace-id`          | Specify a Workspace to list Deployments outside of your current Workspace                                               | Any valid Workspace ID   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--workspace-id`          | Specify a Workspace to list Deployments outside of your current Workspace.                                               | Any valid Workspace ID   |
```

| `-k`, `--key`             | A specific key for the deployment. For example `--key configuration.cluster_id` to get a deployment's cluster id.       | Any valid Workspace ID   |

> | `-o`, `--output`          | Output format can be one of: yaml or json. By default the inspected deployment will be in YAML format. (default "yaml") | `yaml` or `json`             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-o`, `--output`          | Output format can be one of: yaml or json. By default the inspected deployment will be in YAML format. (default "yaml") | `yaml` or `json`.             |
```

        deployment_url: cloud.astronomer.io/<deployment url>
        release_name: primitive-twinkling-4105
        status: HEALTHY
        updated_at: 2022-11-03T15:26:57.316Z
        webserver_url: <org>.astronomer.run/<deployment url>
        workspace_id: cl1ntvrrk411461gxsvvitduiy
    worker_queues:
        - id: cl8oigdwh135879hfw37mu9qrev
          is_default: false
          max_worker_count: 10
          min_worker_count: 0
          name: heavy-compute
          node_pool_id: cl8c3xz901505872c1d498z2zt9
          worker_concurrency: 16
        - id: cl6l2mhvq280121b01r5mkcj05
          is_default: true
          max_worker_count: 10
          min_worker_count: 1
          name: default
          node_pool_id: cl66604pi447851h2tpkvtlkrt
          worker_concurrency: 16
```

## Options

| Option                    | Description                                                                                                             | Possible Values          |
| ------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------ |

> | `-n`, `--deployment-name` | Name of the Deployment to inspect. Use as an alternative to <deployment-id>.                                                                                     | Any valid Deployment name |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `-n`, `--deployment-name` | Name of the Deployment to inspect. Use as an alternative to `<deployment-id>`.                                                                                     | Any valid Deployment name |
```

> | `<deployment-id>`   | The ID of the Deployment to inspect                                                | Any valid Deployment ID   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `<deployment-id>`   | The ID of the Deployment to inspect.                                                | Any valid Deployment ID   |
```

Reviewer: Inconsistent punctuation use elsewhere. I'll leave it to you to determine if you want to make the updates for consistency.

---
sidebar_label: "astro deployment inspect"
title: "astro deployment inspect"
id: astro-deployment-inspect
description: Reference documentation for astro deployment inspect.
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

> Inspect an Astro Deployment. This command returns a yaml or json representation of a Deployment's current configuration and state. See the example below for a full list values that can be returned. You can return a specfic value using the `--key` flag. Give the "path" to the value you want to return as an argument to the `--key` flag. For example `astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> --key configuration.cluster_id` will return a Deployment's Cluster ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inspect an Astro Deployment. This command returns a yaml or json representation of the current configuration and state of a Deployment. The following example shows the list of values that can be returned. To return a specific value, use the `--key` flag. Replace the "path" value with the value you want to return as an argument to the `--key` flag. For example, `astro deployment inspect <deployment-id> --key configuration.cluster_id` returns a Cluster ID for a Deployment.
```

## Usage

```sh
astro deployment inspect <deployment-id>
```

> ## Deployment YAML Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deployment YAML example
```

        cluster_id: cl66604ph00tx0s2tb3v313qu
        created_at: 2022-08-08T18:12:18.566Z
        deployment_id: cl6l2mhvq280081b01cg9g9nzw
        deployment_url: cloud.astronomer.io/<deployment url>
        release_name: primitive-twinkling-4105
        status: HEALTHY
        updated_at: 2022-11-03T15:26:57.316Z
        webserver_url: <org>.astronomer.run/<deployment url>
        workspace_id: cl1ntvrrk411461gxsvvitduiy
    worker_queues:
        - id: cl8oigdwh135879hfw37mu9qrev
          is_default: false
          max_worker_count: 10
          min_worker_count: 0
          name: heavy-compute
          node_pool_id: cl8c3xz901505872c1d498z2zt9
          worker_concurrency: 16
        - id: cl6l2mhvq280121b01r5mkcj05
          is_default: true
          max_worker_count: 10
          min_worker_count: 1
          name: default
          node_pool_id: cl66604pi447851h2tpkvtlkrt
          worker_concurrency: 16
```

## Options

| Option           | Description                                                               | Possible Values        |
| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |

> | `-n`, `--deployment-name`     |  Name of the deployment to inspect.           | An Valid Deployment Name                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-n`, `--deployment-name`     |  Name of the deployment to inspect.           | A valid Deployment name.                  |
```

> | `--workspace-id` | Specify a Workspace to list Deployments outside of your current Workspace | Any valid Workspace ID |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--workspace-id` | Specify a Workspace to list Deployments outside of your current Workspace. | Any valid Workspace ID. |
```

> | `-k`, `--key` | A specific key for the deployment. For example `--key configuration.cluster_id` to get a deployment's cluster id. | Any valid Workspace ID |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-k`, `--key` | A specific key for the deployment. For example, `--key configuration.cluster_id` returns the Cluster ID for a Deployment. | Any valid Workspace ID. |
```

> | `-o`, `--output` | Output format can be one of: yaml or json. By default the inspected deployment will be in YAML format. (default "yaml") | yaml or json |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-o`, `--output` | Output format can be YAML or json. The default is YAML format. (default "yaml") | YAML or json |
```
